Travelleing Salesman Heuristics:

Nearest Neighbour:
Simply finds the closest node to where it is currently and goes there. Is a greedy search algorithm. Best first. 
Fast to execute but may not give optimal results.

Savings Algorithm:
First calculate the value from base for 2 points - the distance between them. Do for all possible combinations.
Then find the largest value and select this.
Repeat using one of the new edges and select highest value.
Repeat until route is found.

Convex Hull algorithm:
Only works if delivery group has base as an extreme coordinate. ie Far left, right, top or bottom
Select a direction depending on where you are:
Left: West
Right: East
Top: North
Bottom: South
Direction should be pointing away from all other target locations. This is starting angle.
From here scan around the base point clockwise or counter clockwise, doesn't matter which way.
Once you 'hit' a place, this becomes the new base
Repeat until the place hit is the start point.
Now there is a box that contains all points.

Space Filling curve:

First begin with a Convex Hull Algorithm to find all outer points. Then pick a method to complete the route

Cheapest Insertion:
For every remaining point, find the optimal way to travel to it.
Finds the penalty for inserting a point (How much extra distance it takes) and selects the smallest of these values.
To do this: Sum of the distance that includes the new point (1-2-3) - old distance (1-3)
Repeat until all points are travelled to.

Priciest Insertion:
Does above but finds which is hardest and does that first.

Nearest Insertion:
First find the closest point to any point that is already on the route.
Then perform cheapest insertion on this point.

Farthest Insertion:
Same as nearest, but selects the point farthest from the rest first.


Improvement Heuristics:
Improvement heuristics attempt to reduce the length of an existing route.

First Descent:
Look through every single combination from the current route and see if any improvements can be made. If there is one, select it immediately and then repeat until there are no improvements.n

Steepest Descent:
Look through every combination from the current route and see if any improvements can be made. Select the best one when the search is complete and repeat.

Simmulated Annealing:
Randomly select an edge and see if an improvement can be made. If yes, then go forward as if using first descent. If not, test it anyway. Prevents being stuck in a local maximum.

Two exchange:
Select two non-adjacent sides and remove them.
Then add a two new sides so that a full tour is formed.